correct typos, readability, symbols (#107)
LNP-BP/LNPBPs: lnpbp-0001.md

For a given message `msg`, a set of unique public keys `P := {P1, P2, ..., Pn}`,
`n > 0`, with some selected original public key `Po` from this set (`Po ∈ S`),
and a protocol-specific `tag`, known to both parties, **commit procedure** runs
as follows:
and a protocol-specific `tag` known to both parties, the **commit procedure** 
runs as follows:

> 1. Reduce set `P` to `P*` by removing all duplicated public keys.

Author: By the way, a `Set` commonly only contains unique, de-duplicated values, right? What you probably mean here is a `List` `P` of public keys you want to de-duplicate into a set `P*`, correct?

   procedure.
3. Construct a byte string `lnpbp1_msg`, composed of the original message
   prefixed with a single SHA256 hash of `LNPBP1` string and a single SHA256
   hash of the protocol-specific `tag`:  
   `lnpbp1_msg = SHA256("LNPBP1") || SHA256(tag) || msg`
4. Compute HMAC-SHA256 of `lnbp1_msg` using the sum of public keys `S`. The 
   resulting value is named **tweaking factor** `f`:  
   `f = HMAC-SHA256(lnpbp1_msg, S)`
5. Make sure that the tweaking factor is less than the order `n` of a generator 

>    point of the used elliptic curve, such that no overflow can happen when it is 

Author: It's not clear throughout this document if LNPBP-1 is agnostic to the `used` elliptic curve, or if it is specific to Secp256k1 only. Sometimes it reads `used/chosen` curve and sometimes Secp256k1 is named explicitly. Would be good if this was clarified in the beginning.

Reviewer: Since LNPBP-1 is bitcoin-specific, and there is no other elliptic curve used in bitcoin transactions, I think we can stick to `Secp256k1`. Even if a future hardfork may happen, the new elliptic curve may have different arithmetic properties and algorithm would need to be revised.

Author: Done. Mentioned this in the `Abstract` and at the beginning of the `Commitment procedure`

   added to the original public key. If the order is exceeded, fail the protocol
   indicating the reason of failure.
6. Multiply the tweaking factor `f` on the used elliptic curve generator point `G`:  
   `F = G * f`
7. Check that the result of 6 is not equal to the point-at-infinity; otherwise 
   fail the protocol, indicating the reason of failure, such that the protocol 
   may be run with another initial public key set `P'`.
8. Add the two elliptic curve points: the original public key `Po` and the
   point `F`, derived from the tweaking-factor. This will result in a tweaked 
   public key `T`: `T = Po + F`. Check that the result is not equal to the 
   point-at-infinity of the elliptic curve or fail the protocol otherwise, 
   indicating the reason of failure, such that the protocol may be run with 
   another initial public key set `P'`.

The final formula for the commitment is:  
`T = Po + G * HMAC-SHA256(SHA256("LNPBP1") || SHA256(tag) || msg, S)`

### Verification procedure

**Verification procedure** for the commitment (i.e. tweaked public key `T`) can 

> be performed with the provision of the original public key `Po` and message `msg` 

Author: What about the sum `S` of the public key set `P`or `P*`? Isn't that required as well for the verification procedure?

Reviewer: Yes, we need to add it. Original LNPBP-1 draft was written for a single public key, but later was updated to match LNPBP-2 script situation, and this part was missed. LNPBP-2 requires the full script with all public keys to be present, however we need to mention this requirement here as well (probably at LNPBP-1 we should not talk about the script but rather about set of keys `P*`)

## Rationale

### Commitments with a set of public keys, not a single key

The protocol was designed to support commitments to multiple public keys in
order to be usable with non-P2(W)PK outputs. For instance, with Lightning 
network all outputs in the commitment transaction are non-P2WPK, so all existing
key tweaking schemes are not usable within LN structure.

### Use of HMAC insead of simple hash

Reason 1: prevention of length-extension attacks

As this protocol aims to be a generic scheme, the message `msg` can be of any length.
If we would just use a simple hash (e.g. SHA256), users of `LNPBP-1` could **potentially** 
be vulnerable to length-extension attacks, if they are not careful. To be on the safe side,
we use HMAC-SHA256, which is resistant to length-extension attacks, but computationally
more expensive. However, this protocol aims to be used in client-side validation applications 
primarily and should therefore run many orders of magnitude less often then complete 
validatation of all public blockchain data. The computational overhead of HMAC on a 
client node is therefore considered negligible, for the targeted use cases.

> Reason 2: prevention of vocabulary attacks
> 
> In certain circumstances a simple hash based commitment might be vulnerable to brute force
> vocabulary attacks, if the syntax and semantics of the invoking protokol are known to the attacker. 
> This is usally countered with adding additional entropy to each hash. In our case the public key
> `S` already provides enought entropy, which - when added via HMAC-SHA256 to the whole `msg` -
> sufficiently counters such vocabulary attacks.

Reviewer: The same applies when just a hash is used, since we serialize the public key into the hashing function, adding its entropy with the same efficiency as with HMAC. Nevertheless the cause is well described and I just propose to move it into a "No nonce" section in Rationale, merging it with a text given there.

Corrected some typos:
```suggestion
Reason 2: prevention of vocabulary attacks

In certain circumstances a simple hash based commitment might be vulnerable to brute force
vocabulary attacks, if the syntax and semantics of the invoking protocol are known to the attacker. 
This is usually countered with adding additional entropy to each hash. In our case the public key
`S` already provides enough entropy, which - when added via HMAC-SHA256 to the whole `msg` -
sufficiently counters such vocabulary attacks.
```

Reasons: 
- prevention of length extension attacks;

> - impossibility to forge a message and a public key equivalent by negation of

Author: This sentence is really hard to understand. Maybe rephrase it to make it clearer? I tried my best, but not sure if it's correct now.

Reviewer: I think this point can be removed altogether since it is not valid (and a leftover from earlier draft)
